'In the criminal justice system,
'sexually based offences
are considered especially heinous.
'In New York City, the detectives
who investigate these vicious felonies
'are members of an elite squad
known as the Special Victims Unit.
'These are their stories.'
- What have we got?
- Dead victim, head bashed in,
privates exposed.
Tech found seminal fluid
on the face, legs and mouth,
and we thought of you.
- Was she a resident of the building?
- He.
We've ID'd him as Seth Langdon.
He lived on the sixth floor.
Nice two-bedroom, but he lived alone,
far as we can tell.
Looks like this is where it went down.
This guy didn't die quietly.
Somebody must have heard something.
They did. There was a loud party in 3B.
- Pretty ironic ending, huh?
- Why's that?
Him being Seth Langdon and all.
Son of William H Langdon.
Head of the Moral Coalition?
Yeah. Goes around preaching wholesome
living, homosexuality can be cured.
That's one way to fix'em.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- What's going on?
- Here, John.
- What's this?
- Union found us better insurance.
This form is longer than the last book I read.
- Don't you see what they're doing?
- Looking out for you.
Psychiatric coverage
increased to 80 percent.
- Relax. It's just a medical form.
- Right.
They find your mother had diabetes or
your father male-pattern baldness...
Sorry, Chief...
They'll have your genetic fingerprint.
They'll know when you'll die, how
and what song you want at your funeral.
Er, there's two Rs in haemorrhoids.
- I'm a desk jockey. What can I do?
- She's got the right idea.
Leave the father's side blank.
Mess 'em up.
Let's keep our eyes on our own paper.
OK, talk to me about
our rooftop homicide, people.
Name's Seth Langdon. White male, 21.
He was at a party
on the third floor of his building.
Made his way to the roof around 1:00am.
Seminal fluid on the victim.
We're assuming pre-mortem.
Genitals left exposed.
Beat up good. Culminated in his head
being bashed against the AC unit.
- Lovers' quarrel.
- Sexual predator.
Two types of seminal fluid,
one the victim's...
The other the doer's? Start with the host,
work through the guests.
Langdon?
I read a piece on William Langdon,
saying how homosexuals can be cured.
- The victim was his son.
- Get outta here.
One in ten men is gay. How'd Langdon
feel about that hitting home?
- No barbs about Benson's father.
- Excuse me?
- You don't know the history there?
- No. Was he an alcoholic?
Deadbeat dad, Jehovah's Witness?
All she knows is he was the man
who raped her mother.
Excuse me. Who are you?
How did you get by reception?
Detectives Benson and Stabler
to see William Langdon.
- Mr Langdon's not seeing anyone.
- We're not here selling Amway.
It's all right, Steven. You can let them in.
Do you have any idea
who might wanna do this to your son?
No.
Was he involved with anyone?
Did he have a boyfriend?
- Or boyfriends?
- My son was not a homosexual.
Sir, you are aware of the
circumstances of your son's death?
Seth was merely... going through
a rebellious phase.
All children do. We had it under control.
How do you control
a person's natural sexual orientation?
Homosexuality is not natural.
It is a crime against God.
- And AIDS is divine retribution?
- Are you being flippant with me?
We're just trying to find your son's killer.
It's our only agenda.
Seth was so confused.
I did everything I could to help him.
Got him into one of those
sexual-rehabilitation centres.
They have an excellent success rate.
Seth completed the programme
two months ago.
- Meaning he was cured?
- Yes.
The party got out of hand?
I see. You hear 'gay' and 'party'
and naturally you think S&M orgy?
No, but the last party I went to
everybody made it home alive.
The vic's blood-alcohol was 0.15.
If you were a bartender
you'd be responsible.
I haven't tended bar since Studio 54 closed.
Think. Did anybody for any reason
stand out in one way or another?
If they didn't they wouldn't get in.
Our guests were very prominent men.
We'll still need names and addresses.
- How well did you know Seth?
- He just moved in.
Guess we saw him a few times
in the building's gym.
He was a nice kid.
Still finding himself, so much turmoil.
Seth hook up with anybody at this party?
On the contrary, he unhooked...
from the blond man he walked in with.
- This man have a name?
- He didn't stay for us to hear it.
Seth got flirtatious,
his friend got upset and insisted they leave.
Next we know,
they're exchanging words in the hall.
- They leave together?
- No. Seth came back in by himself.
He grabbed a beer and headed
for the balcony to cool down.
What happened to him was outside
our world. It was a civilised gathering.
'Stay out of my life!'
Then a bottle smashes outside our window.
- Is this your apartment?
- The ground floor.
It's the only way we can afford this building.
I also do light maintenance
and my husband's the weekend super.
These are the detectives
investigating that man's murder.
I can't believe it happened.
- How do you find the parties in 3B?
- Normally they're quiet.
Except last night we had
three complaints about the music.
Finally Jesse had to go up.
- What time was that?
- Er, around... one.
Did you see him?
No, I didn't go in.
I just asked them to turn it down.
When you heard the bottle smash,
you look out?
- Yes.
- What did you see?
Er... a blond guy getting into
a Lincoln Town Car.
You know, the chauffeur-driven type?
- Anything come up on the guests?
- I just started inputting them.
- What?
- That father comment I made...
- I didn't know he was, you know...
- A rapist.
I know.
Listen, Cragen and Stabler know.
Otherwise...
- Got it.
- Thanks.
- Ever catch the guy?
- Nope.
- Were there any leads at the time?
You ever need to talk to anybody, I'm here.
- OK.
- Hey. We got the car service.
The man they collected was driven
to the Upper East Side. Steven Hale.
Good.
What are you doing here?
- Your boss had no idea, did he?
- About what?
What you did to his son.
Daddy! Let's go!
Why would a gay man work for Langdon,
one of our most conservative bigots?
Hale's not exactly open about his sexuality.
Hale's wife and kid think he has
an uncanny ability to accessorise?
He doesn't accessorise all that well.
- Maybe he's not gay.
- Right.
- How do you prove it?
- Simple. Jealousy.
Witnesses said Hale was jealous
when Seth hit on other guys.
The green-eyed monster.
Maybe Hale thought that by working
for Langdon he'd be cured.
Like Langdon thought
Camp Wildbunch cured Seth.
- Daddy knows best.
- And makes sure everyone knows it.
I don't know how people,
smart, educated people think that way.
That you can change the way
someone's wired.
You know anyone
who'd choose to be gay?
Risk family rejection, discrimination...
Choose all that heartache?
Heartache is not unique to being gay.
But I know what you mean.
Those camps give electroshock therapy
to the groin.
- Sound familiar?
- State tried it on sex offenders.
- With equal success.
- So we're like Langdon?
We don't try to rewire people,
just contain them.
Look at him. Steven Hale is fuming.
He's been living a lie. We caught him.
- Course he's mad.
- Specifically, he's mad at you.
Which is why we thought
you'd have better luck.
You're smart,
and God knows you're patient.
- I am not a homosexual.
- OK.
Part of my job was to keep an eye on Seth.
Mr Langdon is seriously eyeing
a run for a congressional seat.
But the scandal
of an openly homosexual son...
Look at the damage
the lesbian sister caused Newt.
Actually, she was a half-sister.
She may have been a half sister,
but sadly for Newt she was all lesbian.
Newt's problems had nothing to do
with his ethics violations
or him being a megalomaniac
who espouses family values
while serving his sick wife
with divorce papers on her deathbed?
'Did that ever occur to you?'
Anybody know where Cassidy is?
Seth didn't show up at his father's
fundraiser that night.
Mr Langdon asked me to check on him.
When I got to his floor, Seth brushed by me.
I followed, giving him a piece of my mind.
And the next thing I knew,
I find myself at that party.
- You were upset he was flirting?
- Because it was revolting.
Of course, I tried to persuade him to leave.
He wouldn't but...
- And what he said...?
- Was not a break-up!
'Stay out of my life'
was a message to his father.
If I'd tried harder to get him away from there,
he'd still be alive.
Hey, guys, where do we stand?
The wife confirms he never left
the house after he got back about 12:30.
He is mentioned in Seth's journal,
in pejorative terms.
Believe me, no love affair there.
Langdon confirms he sent him.
Yeah. We send Steven Hale home.
- With apologies for the inconvenience.
- Of course.
OK, I guess that takes us back
to the party guests.
I cross-referenced them
against the journal, but no matches.
This is some shindig.
Names from the social register,
an assemblyman, an AIDS fundraiser...
None likely to be fans of Seth's father.
Well, prominent or not, let's check'em all.
- Andre Lasnik?
- I'm in the middle of rehearsal!
We're in the middle
of a homicide investigation.
Seth Langdon.
Did you have any interaction with him?
We met in passing.
It's horrible what happened.
- What time did you leave?
- After one,
with my first-chair bassoon
and another couple.
Lee Vaughn and Joaquin Morano.
We took a taxi to the Carlyle.
We understand that Seth was
very... friendly at the party?
You seemed particularly chummy.
Look, I'm almost 20 years his senior.
We talked about his childhood.
Due to the dynamic with the father.
Seth probably sought the affections
of older or unobtainable men.
So you, of course, did the noble thing.
Well, I admit I was torn, I...
I excused myself to the restroom
to get... perspective.
- When I came out, he was gone.
- Was anyone else gone?
Not that I noticed.
Maybe you could tell from the tape.
What tape is that?
Oh, one of the guests had
a camcorder going the whole time.
Assemblyman Rossi's boyfriend Joe,
Joe Bandolini.
- Officer Bandolini?
- Yeah?
Can we have a few minutes
of your time... in private?
- The Langdon case?
- You have a tape of the party?
The party, not the murder.
- It could show what led up to it.
- It doesn't.
- You mind if we judge that for ourselves?
- Actually, I do.
I've kept my personal life
and the job completely separate.
No one knows, not even my partner.
I'd like to keep it that way.
We don't wanna change that.
We'll use discretion.
The tape goes into evidence and
goes round the precinct, I'm finished.
- Not gonna happen.
- You're right, it's not.
You gonna make us get a warrant?
I'm a good cop. If there was anything
to help your investigation, I'd say.
Not good enough. You do right by us.
I promise you... I'm promising
you... we'll do right by you.
I'll... come by your squad room
in the morning.
How did we solve cases back then?
No FBI link-up. No DNA.
- No high-tech forensics.
- Good old-fashioned shoe leather.
- Was Conklin a good detective?
- One of the best,
- may he rest in peace.
- Wish I could've talked to him.
Would've gotten you
more than reading his notes.
He was a spotty note-taker,
but up here, a steel trap.
He remembered every detail
of every case he worked.
Didn't have much on the Benson case.
Any idea what 'pull in CK' means?
CK? This is '68. It's gotta be Carl Kudlak.
We pulled him in
on a bunch of rapes back then.
- Took us forever to pin one on him.
- Why?
Wife alibied him every time.
She killed herself in '72,
or we never would've gotten him.
Thanks.
- You wanted to see me?
- Can you shut the door?
I believe you've met Officer Bandolini.
This is Mr Shore, his GOAL representative.
Do we really need the Gay Officers'
Action League involved in all this?
We understand you and your partner
have been harassing Officer Bandolini.
- I'm afraid we have to intervene.
- Harassed?
We in no way harassed your officer.
We asked him to turn over
a piece of evidence to us.
We don't consider threats
of public humiliation courtesy.
Obviously there's
a misunderstanding here.
Don't forget we're all on the same side.
- Can we work this out amicably?
- Not necessary.
We've reviewed the tape. I assure
you, there's no compelling evidence.
With all due respect,
that's our call to make.
All we need to do is view it.
You have your needs, we have our rights.
If Officer Bandolini is outed,
even accidentally on purpose,
you'll be hit with a defamation suit
that'll make your head spin.
Thank you.
Well, er... this is just great.
They filed an injunction.
You'd better get Benson in here.
I had free time last night
so I looked up your case.
- The Langdon case?
- No, your mother's.
The investigator is dead,
so I spoke to a protege of his.
It's not that I don't appreciate
the thought, but I'm already on it.
I've gone over the report,
listened to his statement, six-packs...
- Spoke to investigators...?
- Trust me.
- I've pulled all there is to pull.
- I don't think this was pullable.
I don't know what it'll come to,
but from what I heard he's right for it.
- You bothering my partner?
- No.
Huh? No.
I have to warn you,
the RFLP wasn't back yet.
But I ran a couple of test results
through the data bank and got a hit.
- What's the name?
- This won't hold up in court,
but I ran the PCR and
the mitochondrial. Quick, but...
- The name.
- Ray Gunther.
- How do I know that name?
- We studied him at the Academy.
He terrorised women
an entire summer in the '80s.
The Parkway Rapist.
But they put him away.
He's out.
No way they'd release Ray Gunther.
He brutally raped seven women.
Two had reconstructive surgery!
Maybe he escaped.
Anything from Sing Sing?
I've been on hold for 10 minutes.
If he escaped he took the staff, too.
I need the DA
who handled the Ray Gunther case.
- He was paroled.
- That was my guess.
- When?
- A month ago.
- Why?
- He served 15 of his 25 to life.
The prisons are overcrowded.
Gotta make room.
So let out Ray Gunther.
Knowing the recidivism rate
of sexual predators?
He's on the register. We got an address?
We do. And you shouldn't
have trouble finding it.
It's in the same building
where Seth Langdon was killed.
- Oh. Hi.
- Jesse Hansen, right?
- Detectives. Did you catch the guy?
- No, but we think we're close.
Do you need anything else?
Do you have any more questions?
Just one. Is there a Ray Gunther
staying with you?
- No. No one's staying with us.
- That's funny.
This is the address he gave
authorities after his parole.
Any idea why he would've done that?
He's my brother.
Why'd you change your last name,
Jesse?
Come on. You legally change your name.
There's gotta be a reason.
Gunther not too popular a name
in your neighbourhood?
- No, it wasn't.
- People gave you a hard time?
Yeah, they did.
Don't let Ray cause more trouble.
Tell us where he is.
- I don't know where he is.
- But you know what he did.
Don't you?
Why are we separated?
- Standard procedure.
- I know my husband.
He won't say anything.
You don't know the hold Ray has over him.
- We're listening.
- Jesse was 15 when they locked Ray up.
Reporters snuck into his high school
and asked him questions
in front of his classmates.
Jesse said he thought
Ray should be put to death.
They ran that as a headline.
Ray has been working that guilt ever since.
Is that why Jesse let him stay with you?
Yes, but I couldn't take it.
I had to put my foot down.
He wanted a job
in Jesse's construction crew.
- That's bad?
- It would've ruined his life.
They'd find out he was Ray's brother?
Because they'd find out he was a Gunther!
The whole family's bad.
The father was in and out of jails
all his miserable life.
The mother's a piece of garbage
and I don't have to tell you about Ray.
There is nothing but bad blood
in that whole family.
Did you see Ray in your building
the night that Seth was killed?
He was in our apartment
till 1:00 in the morning.
- Where is he now?
- I don't know.
There's a piece of white trash,
used to visit him in prison.
Erm, a stripper named Cindy Stocklash.
- He might be shacked up with her.
- Any clue where?
When I met her, she was explaining
how she wanted to change motels.
Apparently hers didn't get porn.
Porn. That narrows it down.
'State your name, miss.'
'Serena Benson.'
'Address?'
'1104 West End Avenue. Apartment B.'
'You were raped?'
- 'Yes.'
- 'You've got to speak up, honey.'
'The, er, campus library closed at midnight.
'I took the short cut home I always take.
'It was darker than usual.
'I was halfway through
when something hit me from behind.'
- 'You were knocked unconscious?'
- 'Yes.
'When I came to,
I was on a landing below street level.
'There was...
'a man on top of me.
' He was...
'He pushed up my dress.
'He engaged in sexual intercourse?'
'All right, miss, can you describe him?'
'He had sideburns and, er...
'I don't...
' Everything looked distorted!'
What number was that, four?
- Ooh!
- Come on!
Oh...!
- Who is it?
- Detectives, Miss Stocklash.
We'd like to ask a few questions.
Everything OK in there?
Ray Gunther!
- You OK?
- No!
Good.
Ray! Did you hurt him?
Did they hurt you, Ray?
- Don't you touch him!
- Shut the hell up!
- He didn't do nothing!
- I said shut up!
I'm sorry. What is it you think I did?
- Murdered Seth Langdon.
- You don't have jack.
All we have are witnesses
who put you at the building that night.
- Didn't we have something else?
- Evidence in the victim's mouth.
- Ray!
- It's OK. They got the wrong guy.
You'll look right to the jury.
One month and back to your old tricks.
Think you'd throw'em
by switching to rooftops?
Same excessive force to beat
your victims to a pulp, just like Seth.
But you had trouble adjusting to civilian sex.
- He didn't have no trouble!
- Shut up!
- You're a little confused.
- Why Seth? Why did you pick him?
- I didn't pick nobody.
- Did you even know him?
I saw him in the gym. Me and Jesse
worked out. Sometimes he'd be there.
It was pathetic, him trying
to pump up that puny body of his.
What happened? Did he hit on you
or did you start to like 'em puny?
- He did remind me of a bitch I had.
- You're pathetic.
- What's wrong, jealous, sweetheart?
- Easy.
Not sweetheart.
That's Detective Benson, all right?
I want an apology from you.
I don't need an apology from this slimebag.
But I am getting really sick
of the sarcastic remarks, Ray.
Look, if this is about me
getting overzealous with Ray...
- What?
- Nothing. What's up?
We got real problems here.
The lab got the full DNA report.
- Yeah, and?
- And it ain't Ray's.
Remember I told you the DNA results
wouldn't stand up in court.
All I remember is the name Ray Gunther.
When I gave you Ray's name,
it was off the quickest tests available.
Of which there are two.
I assumed the hit came from the PCR.
As it turns out,
the results weren't from PCR.
PCR narrows it down one in thousands,
compared with RFLP
which narrows it down one in billions.
This came from the mitochondrial.
- What's the difference?
- It only narrows it to bloodline.
So while it's definitely not Ray,
you are still looking for somebody
from that family.
- A father, a son.
- Or a brother.
OK. Look, here's the problem.
We've got this pain-in-the-ass DNA.
- This make any sense to you?
- No.
Me, either, but it just
let your brother off the hook.
- And it puts you in the hot seat.
- Which doesn't make sense to us.
Ray's bad but you've been clean
your whole life.
Can you explain this, Jesse?
- No.
- A blood sample will.
I have to give one?
We can hold you for 24 hours
and get a court order for you to take it.
I've got to tell you, refusing to
take a blood test that'll clear you,
that doesn't look good.
Maybe I should... call a lawyer.
You're free to go.
At his trial, they had Ray dead to rights
so he made a sympathy play.
Sympathy for a serial rapist.
What, 'Women don't understand me'?
He claims he and Jesse were raped
growing up by their dad.
The old Menendez defence.
Could explain a few things about Jesse.
But the prosecution called Jesse.
He said Ray fabricated the story.
So, how do we know which one is lying?
He'll have plenty to say once
we get the go-ahead to take blood.
How about you guys, find anything?
Just a piss-poor gene pool.
- You think Jesse was just born bad?
- Bull. Destiny isn't predetermined.
Twins who were split at birth
and grew up in different environments
have gone on to commit crimes
with the same MOs. Eerie.
Transplanting genes from one species
to another can alter behaviour.
We're not rats, we're humans.
It comes down to how you're raised.
If you instil values,
the kid will turn out all right. If not, trouble.
Nature, nurture, ad nauseum.
You assume a level playing field.
I don't know that there is.
Something wrong?
- It hits a little close to home.
- How's that?
The only way Jesse makes sense in all this
is that they're fruit
from the same poisoned tree.
You don't really believe that, do you?
Your DNA tech pulled
a little Arkansas two-step.
- Took you to the brother first.
- He's been ruled out.
His name came up
cos it was the same bloodline.
Jesse's lawyer is waving
the old ACLU banner.
'Are we testing every relative
of Ray Gunther?'
Just the one that lives
in the victim's building.
I've fast-tracked the hearing
on the blood test for tomorrow.
I'd like a safety net.
What have you got besides the DNA?
- We've got lawyers sandbagging us.
- Right, the video.
- What video?
- Seth at a party before he died.
- It's tied up in litigation, too.
- Any way of getting it untied?
Let me see
if I can make an end run of my own.
Officer Bandolini.
My representative
is not gonna be happy about this.
I realise I'm bending procedure here.
I appreciate you meeting with me.
- You know we need that tape.
- And you know what it can do to me.
Oh, yeah.
In 1926,
Bobby Jones was winning the US Open.
He hits his ball into the woods.
Removes a leaf from under the ball,
accidentally moves it. No one sees.
He hits it out, saves par.
I assume there's a point to this story.
Mr Jones did the honourable thing.
He declared the penalty.
And he went on to win the Open?
No, he lost by a stroke.
But he said he never lost any sleep over it
because he did the right thing.
That was just a game.
This is my life we're talking about.
And how are you sleeping?
I don't know why I brought
the damn camcorder to the party.
That's what I keep kicking myself over.
There's nothing illegal or criminal
on that tape but the consequences...
I will do everything in my power
to make sure there aren't any.
You have my word on that.
You planned on handing this over
all along, didn't you?
Yeah.
But I enjoyed your golf story.
OK, that's Seth.
OK, fast forward. Forward.
- Forward.
- Stop.
Rewind a click. Stop.
Enhance section A6.
Zoom in on the door.
Yeah, there's Jesse.
Let's see if he joins the party.
- You know about video analysing.
- I've dabbled a little.
- Dammit! He didn't come in.
- Forward.
Stop.
Go back to the part about the door again.
Go back to just before the door opened.
Stop.
Zoom in on the mirror.
That ain't Jesse. That's Ray.
Back to Ray.
We need to talk to Lorraine,
find out what time they came back.
- I told you, Jesse came right back.
- Ray didn't.
No, we went to bed right after that.
Mrs Hansen, I need to tell you
that providing a false alibi is a felony.
It's insane! You have Jesse
accused of Ray's crime.
Ray has been hellbent on destroying
Jesse his whole life.
- Why would he wanna do that to him?
- I dunno.
Ray would call from prison, every week,
until Jesse would finally cave in
and go see him.
And after the visits.
Jesse would come home
and go into deep depressions.
He wouldn't talk to me about it.
He'd just go on these... alcohol binges
and disappear, sometimes even for days.
That must have been really hard for you.
When he came back,
he'd be his old self again.
I promise you, Jesse's a good man.
- It's his brother that's poison.
- I can't say we disagree.
The problem is it wasn't
Ray's seminal fluid in Seth's mouth.
But it's definitely the same bloodline.
- You're lying.
- Mrs Hansen...
Why do you think Jesse
won't give us the blood test?
Ray came over at 7:00.
They drank the whole night again.
They went up at 1:00 about the music.
Jesse did come right back down alone.
- Then what happened?
- Ray came back a few minutes later.
Dragged Jesse out with him.
Jesse didn't come home till after 2:00.
- It was a joke.
- A joke?
- We'd see the fag in the gym...
- His name was Seth.
Right, Seth. When we'd see
that little fag Seth in the gym.
- I'd rib Jesse it's his girlfriend.
- Hysterical.
It gets funnier. I'd catch his eye,
nod over at Jesse and wink.
Seth blushed like a little schoolgirl.
- The punch line?
- It came that night.
Start with going up to the party.
We have you on tape with Seth.
When they opened the door,
I see him looking out.
I go right into the old bit.
I nod over to Jesse,
and give Seth a big old wink.
When the door closes,
I ask Jesse if he saw his girlfriend.
He throws a punch! But he was
so plastered he missed by a mile.
- Then he staggers down the hall.
- And you wait?
Yep, and out prances Seth.
I put my arm round him and say,
'Go up on the roof.
Jesse will be right up.'
- Then you went and you got Jesse.
- Why?
Sibling rivalry.
Our daddy did everything I said he did.
Jesse should've been a man,
stood up for me at my trial.
- Jesse was 15 at your trial.
- 15 is a lot of years.
That's how many I served because of him.
I could've been out in five.
You did 15 cos of what you did, not Jesse.
I think it's horrible
that my baby brother killed a man.
But... he did.
And, as much as you'd like to,
you can't pin it on me.
- I had nothing to do with it.
- You set it up.
I set up a practical joke.
Is there a law against that?
Ray told us everything, Jesse.
Your brother set you up.
I lied... at his trial.
Ray was telling the truth.
Our... father really did do those things.
To both of you?
I tried to forget.
Ray wouldn't let me.
Even as kids, he would tell me
how awful it was for him,
- but that I liked it.
- Nobody thinks that, Jesse.
You were only seven years old.
Whenever I'd visit Ray at Sing Sing,
he'd tell me, 'You just wait!'
'You'll end up here sooner or later.
It's your legacy.'
Jesse, tell us what happened on the roof.
I... I was wasted.
I don't even remember how I got there.
All...
All I could hear was Ray's voice
drawing me up there.
It didn't seem real.
Someone was on their knees...
I...
My pants were down.
I killed him.
- 'I killed him!'
- I'll file charges for man one.
'You said you heard Ray's
voice drawing you up to the roof?'
Abbie, hold on.
'Could you hear his voice
once you got up there?'
'I could hear him
laughing at me, yeah!'
Jesse... that's because
he was there, wasn't he?
I just remember
coming out of a fog
and seeing Ray standing in the doorway.
He was laughing.
And I looked down
and I saw what Seth was doing.
And Ray said, 'I told you!'
I told you what, that you were gay?
I wanted to kill him!
Why?
What did he do to you?
No, not Seth, Ray!
I wanted to kill Ray.
I just started lashing out at him
cos in my mind, I was hitting Ray.
But he just kept laughing
and laughing.
I had to shut him up!
I took his head and I started bashing.
And I just bashed it and bashed it
as hard as I could.
It was finally quiet.
But I looked down and it wasn't Ray!
It was Seth!
Where was Ray?
He was...
He was still standing in the doorway.
And he said...
He said, 'Welcome to the family!'
- Tell me we can charge Ray.
- Uh-huh.
Inciting a murder. Depraved indifference.
- Accessory.
- That's good for a start.
With Ray's priors,
he'll do more time than Jesse.
Make sure he does, Abbie.
You heard him. Ray was screwing
with his brother's mind his whole life.
Nothing to do with blood.
What Jesse did happened
because Jesse believed it would.
You know that, right?
- There's something I need to do.
- What good will it do to know?
He's not my father.
You sure?
Positive.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org